When Kafka client library send data to Kafka,
they do not send every message individually.
Instead the client libraries collect groups of
messages together and then send them to the Kafka broker.
These groups of messages are known as batches.
So when an action occurs,
will create a message,
and we'll add as new actions come in additional messages or events.
They'll get bundled together into a batch and sent to the broker.
Client libraries do this largely for performance reasons.
In high throughput applications,
sending every message as it's produced
would lead to a significant amount of networking overhead.
The count, frequency, and quantity of data sent in these batches are customizable.
For example, the library that we've been using in this class,
the Confluent-Kafka Python library sends
messages by default when any one of these conditions occur.
First, if 10,000 messages are queued up to be sent,
a half-second of time has elapsed since
the last group of messages was sent or the last batch of messages were sent,
a gigabyte of data has been accumulated.
Those are the three conditions that will trigger a batch to be sent.
These settings may not be appropriate for
your application depending on how much throughput you expect.
You can modify some or all of these settings if desired.
For example, maybe the data being produced isn't time-sensitive.
In that case, you could consider increasing
the elapsed time setting to one second or 10 seconds.
Possibly your host has limited local storage.
So you might set the size to something like 15 megabytes instead of one gigabyte.
It's also possible to disable one or more of these settings entirely if you wish.
This is not a typical use case but it remains an option if needed.
Whatever settings you do decide on,
just be aware these settings can be tweaked and often have to be for your use case.
It's also worth keeping in mind that if the settings are not aggressive enough,
you may overrun the number of messages
that can be kept in a queue on your local machine, so be careful.